Adds Elm-specific front-end-homework (#4)
ActiveState/homework: front-end-dep-tree/EVALUATION.md

## Review Questions

These are the questions that we should ask when reviewing a homework submission.

* Is the app in one of the languages listed in the instructions? If not, did the applicant get special permission to use something else?

> * Does the submittions include instructions for getting the assgignment up and running locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Does the submission include instructions for getting the assignment up and running locally.
```

Author: Fixed

* Does the app meet each of the user story requirements set in the assignment
* Is the code well organized?
  * Is it split into multiple methods and views in an appropriate way?

>   * Is there a clear split between the command line program and libraries?

Reviewer 2: It's no longer a command line app. A program/library split probably isn't that relevant anymore either

Author: Fixed

>   * Is there a clear split between the command line program and libraries?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Is there a clear split between implementation and third party libraries?
```

Author: Fixed

>   * Does the code include comments when necessary to explain what's going on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Does the code include comments when necessary to explain what's going on?
```

Author: Fixed
